a routine night in the occupied West
Bank this time the target is a
20-year-old man suspected of being a
fighter in a Palestinian armed group his
body was taken away by this
bulldozer Nabil habier was the 149th
Palestinian killed in the West Bank
since October the
7th a few hours later the funeral of
another young man a routine day this is
the Rhythm of Life here raid funeral
repeat they're taking out their anger
for October 7 on us the defenseless
people here they want us to hate the
resistance fighter but you know what
that's not going to
happen this is not the first time
they've caused this destruction if they
think they can force us out or weaken us
they're mistaken every time they do this
it makes us more determin to
stay into this increasingly oppressive
environment came Anthony blinkin
the US Secretary of State told Mahmud
Abbas that his administration should
play a central role in what comes next
in Gaza this to a president with little
legitimacy in the eyes of most
Palestinians 80% of them want him to
resign according to the latest poll PA
is unstable it's seen as a
collaborationist regime and so president
Mahmud Abbas would want to discuss with
blinkin how to stabilize the situation
for himself here because as many know he
is running this part of Palestine in an
authoritarian form of
rule linkoln thanked abas for helping to
maintain calm in the West Bank but what
calm there is is fragile settler attacks
have more than doubled since October the
7th violence already at a 15-year High
has
surged the Palestinian president told
blinker that his administration would
consider taking over Gaza only as part
of a deal for the creation of a
Palestinian state but for anyone in Gaza
at the moment this sort of talk may seem
irrelevant while the US refuses to back
abbas's call for a ceasefire and Israel
won't even consider the slightest pause
in its bombing
campaign Bernard Smith Al jazer rala